Translations: support context (#2833)
slint-ui/slint: docs/language/src/concepts/translations.md

## Context

> It is possible to add a context in the `@tr(...)` macro using the `"..." =>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to add a context in the `@tr(...)` macro using the `"..." =>`.
```

The context provides a mechanism to disambiguate translations for strings with the same source text but different contextual meanings.

> It allows developers to provide additional context information to translators, ensuring accurate and contextually appropriate translations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the context to provide additional context information to translators, ensuring accurate and contextually appropriate translations.
```

> The context must be a plain string literal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The context must be a plain string literal.
```
